feat: Adds `skip_wait_on_update` to mongodbatlas_search_deployment to support returning early after an update (#3237)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/3237.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/mongodbatlas_search_deployment: Adds `skip_wait_on_update` for quick updates with the risk of an inconsistent state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/mongodbatlas_search_deployment: Adds `skip_wait_on_update` to avoid waiting for completion of update operation.
```

Reviewer 2: I like the suggestion above, but please make `operations` plural

Reviewer 3: and no final period :-)

Author: Thanks. Changed in 709bf4d158cca066ea842252a94c72f8052f3099
